Lyseren is a lake in the municipalities of Enebakk in Akershus county and Spydeberg in Østfold county , Norway .
Varavu Nalla Uravu is a 1990 Indian Tamil film , directed by Visu and produced by Rajam Balachandar .
Batura III , also known as Batura Muztagh III , is a peak in Batura Muztagh of Pakistan , which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range .
Ramakuppam is a village in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Kurniwadi is a village in Belgaum district in Karnataka , India .
Stadion Rankhof is a football stadium in Basel , Switzerland .
Gozar is a village in Firuzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Eslamabad, Dowreh is a village in Teshkan Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Alvan-e Eshareh is a village in Azadeh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Vilakkum Velichavum is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film , directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by Pavamani .
Gorabal is a village in Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Vayasu Pilichindi is a 1978 Telugu - language film directed by C. V. Sridhar .
Kaharlyk is a town in Kiev Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Paul E. Johnson taught at Princeton University , Yale University , University of Utah , and University of South Carolina .
Vilamana is a village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala .
The Man with a Cross is a 1943 Italian war film directed by Roberto Rossellini and starring Alberto Tavazzi , Roswita Schmidt and Attilio Dottesio .
Schwaz Heliport is a public use heliport located 15 nm north - northwest of Schwaz , Tirol , Austria .
Cheshmeh Qaleh is a village in Satar Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
San Miguel Huautla is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south - western Mexico .
Dravograd Sports Centre is a multi - purpose stadium in Dravograd , Slovenia .
Bidun Dar, Bardsir is a village in Lalehzar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Valfajar is a village in Liravi-ye Miyani Rural District , Imam Hassan District , Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Making Sandwiches is a short film written and directed by American film star Sandra Bullock .
Qeshlaq-e Diz is a village in Shal Rural District , Shahrud District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Javadiyeh, Markazi is a village in Chahar Cheshmeh Rural District , Kamareh District , Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Idalhond is a village in Belagavi district in the southern state of Karnataka , India .
Anjirak, Kermanshah is a village in Jalalvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Track of the Cat is a 1954 Warnercolor Western film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Robert Mitchum and Teresa Wright .
Mellado competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea , representing Santiago Mellado birth nation , El Salvador , in the decathlon .
Ranadheera is a 1988 Indian Kannada language musical action film starring V. Ravichandran and Kushboo in the lead roles .
Main Zinda Hoon is a 1988 Hindi drama film written and directed by Sudhir Mishra , starring Rajendra Gupta , Pankaj Kapur , Deepti Naval and Alok Nath .
Keezhamaligai is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kate Knuth has degrees from the University of Chicago and Oxford University , and attended the University of Oslo on a Fulbright Scholarship .
Tila Kenar is a village in Kelarabad Rural District , Kelarabad District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Jacques Presser attended the University of Amsterdam after finishing a commercial vocational college and having worked in an office for two years .
Monster Hunt is a 2015 Chinese - Hong Kong 3D fantasy action comedy adventure film directed by Raman Hui , and starring Bai Baihe and Jing Boran .
Oryad Rural District is a rural district in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Tork-e Gharbi Rural District is a rural district in Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Rider from Tucson is an RKO Pictures 1950 Western film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Tim Holt and Richard Martin .
Soltaniyeh, Razavi Khorasan is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District , in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
A Lonely Place to Die is a 2011 British adventure crime thriller film directed by Julian Gilbey and based on a screenplay from Julian and Will Gilbey .
Orgasmo is a 1969 " giallo " film starring Carroll Baker and Lou Castel and directed by Umberto Lenzi .
Richard R. Nelson ( born 1930 in New York City ) is an American professor of economics at Columbia University .
Shobaraj is a 1986 Indian Malayalam action thriller film directed by J. Sasikumar and starring Mohanlal and Madhavi .
Adguri is a small town in Arghakhanchi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal .
The Last Remake of Beau Geste starred and was also directed and co - written by Marty Feldman .
Aq Ziarat is a village in Kenarporuzh Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Marcos Bonifacio da Rocha is a Brazilian football player .
Varzaneh is the capital city of Bon Rud District , in Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Bayendar is a village in Mojezat Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .